h2. Emacs configuration

h3. Cedet

If you want to use Cedet, you must check out from cvs.

<pre><code>cvs -z3 -d:pserver:anonymous@cedet.cvs.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/cedet co -P cedet
</code></pre>

Compilation Settings -

In the Makefile, set

<pre><code>EMACS=/Applications/Emacs.app/Contents/MacOS/Emacs
</code></pre>

if you are using Emacs.app.

Also set

CEDET=/Users/you/apps/emacs/cedet

Compile -

<pre><code>$ cd cedet
$ make
</code></pre>

h3. ECB

Download ecb 2.40

Compilation Settings -

In the Makefile, set

<pre><code>EMACS=/Applications/Emacs.app/Contents/MacOS/Emacs
</code></pre>

if you are using Emacs.app.


h3. Pymacs

At the time of this writing, the latest released version is 0.23

<pre><code>$ cd ~/apps
$ curl -o Pymacs.tar.gz https://github.com/pinard/Pymacs/tarball/v0.23-beta9
$ tar xvfz Pymacs.tar.gz
$ cd Pymacs-0.23
$ make
$ sudo python setup.py install
$ cd ..
$ rm -rf Pymacs-0.23
</code></pre>

h3. Rope

<pre><code>$ cd /path/to/repos
$ mkdir -p agr/rope
$ cd agr/rope
$ hg clone http://bitbucket.org/agr/rope
$ hg clone http://bitbucket.org/agr/ropemacs
$ hg clone http://bitbucket.org/agr/ropemode
$ cd ropemacs
$ ln -s ../ropemode/ropemode ropemode
$ cd ../rope
$ sudo python setup.py install
$ cd ../ropemacs
$ sudo python setup.py install
</code></pre>

Quick test : you should be able to import ropemacs in a python shell.

h3. Yasnippet

http://code.google.com/p/yasnippet/

Download yasnippet.tar.bz2

<pre><code>$ cd ~/apps/emacs
$ mv ~/Downloads/yasnippet-0.6.1c.tar.bz2
$ bzcat yasnippet-0.6.1c.tar.bz2 | tar -xf -
$ rm yasnippet-0.6.1c.tar.bz2
$ ln -s yasnippet-0.6.1c yasnippet
</code></pre>

h3. Links

<pre><code>$ cd ~
$ mkdir -p apps/emacs
$ cd apps/emacs
$ ln -s /path/to/cedet cedet
$ mv /path/to/ecb-2.40 .
$ ln -s ecb-2.40 ecb
$ ln -s /path/to/repos/agr/rope rope 
</code></pre>
